Update whitelist to allowlist (#8808)
google/WebFundamentals: src/content/en/fundamentals/security/csp/index.md

requests, regardless of source.

Instead of blindly trusting _everything_ that a server delivers, CSP defines the

> `Content-Security-Policy` HTTP header, which allows you to create a allowlist of

Reviewer: `an allowlist`?

## Inline code is considered harmful

> It should be clear that CSP is based on allowlisting origins, as that's an

Reviewer 2: "an allowlist of origins" ?

unambiguous way of instructing the browser to treat specific sets of resources

> as acceptable and to reject the rest. Origin-based allowlist doesn't,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
as acceptable and to reject the rest. Origin-based allowlists don't,
```

> as acceptable and to reject the rest. Origin-based allowlisting doesn't,

Reviewer 2: "Using an origin-based allowlist" perhaps?

### If you absolutely must use it ...

CSP Level 2 offers backward compatibility for inline scripts by allowing you to

> allowlist specific inline scripts using either a cryptographic nonce (number

Reviewer 3: "allowing you to allowlist" sounds awkward. Maybe "by letting you allowlist" or "by letting you add specific inline scripts ... to the allowlist"?

Author: I change it to "by allowing you to add specific inline scripts to the allowlist"

Reviewer 3: Hmm, the repetition of "allow" is what's awkward IMHO.
